reducer evaporator it is connected to
engine cooling system and
warmed up and then owls here is one slang
below is another hose which antifreeze
going on here is the transformation of gas and
liquid to gaseous
and you need to gear up to
fourth generation not only warmed up
but also kept the temperature and pressure
in the second generation
this reducer still reduces gas pressure
before atmospheric because for the second
pressure generation do not need gear
has a screw plug at the bottom
for yourself condensate here here it is below
condensate can be drained completely
alone but not necessary
forget that if condensate drips on
then the car will be very long
it stinks and it’s stinky for 30 meters
this smell is felt on the fourth
generation condensate does not merge because
that the fourth generation gearbox
has pressure on my one and a half atmosphere
and all gas burns and no condensate
there is no fourth generation
This is a plus on the gear case
I have a screw idling
there is a gearbox lovato
for the second generation screw you see
can also be adjusted independently
I want to remind once again that for
4th generation hbo gearbox is very important
so that the gearbox keeps the temperature not
cooled otherwise the machine will not switch
on gas as the system automatically
switches to gas at a certain
temperature and pressure in summer
warm up to 40 degrees in the winter puts
adjustment 50 60 can and leave 40 and
maybe in winter it will turn out that the car is not
switch to gas well, for example gearbox
may not keep the temperature if you are in
cold weather
go on the road be on the road go
quickly and the gearbox will cool in
southern areas this is certainly not a factor in
Northern is already a factor and should be put
additional heated gear
or insulate it and it will already affect
the choice of GMO 2 or 4 generations why
because the second generation
switches on the lawn automatically
manually that is one time switched
his gas well and everything and he will be everything
equal to the gas to go it back to
gasoline there will not switch
automatically to quality
there are a generation of forums i read that
some even regret having moved from
second to fourth generation head
pain and type more become adjustments
Well, here's the problem that cools
its reducer needs to be warmed well
due to the particular difference between the second and
fourth generation well and some
extra amenities they don't
felt but this opinion is not mine but on
fourth generation did not drive it
forum users write well, there is just such
opinion and I voiced him we are all here
I do not consider and I do not go on the way
praising the second and fourth there
For generations, I have no goal of any of these
options to advertise so I just
I say all the information and you yourself already there
Think full movie about
setting the work of all major companies
this blah and also about the calculation of payback
biba rationality rack installation choices
gobo for him and comparing 2 4 generation
gbo watch on my channel link there
under the video or click the active link in
the end of this video all good luck